---
layout: post
title: Status for September 30
author: Tad
---

## What have I worked on?

* `tempVarInfection`: manuscript proofs in, manuscript proofs sent back. Looks great, and excited to see what people think of the work. I'll upload to website soon.

* `esaDisease`: planning meeting. Discussing the role of social media in furthering our section's goals. Pretty interesting, and not something I had really thought about previously. Join the ESA disease ecology section. **Do it**.

* `professionalService`: one review down, one to go.

* `logistics`: ordered some lab stuff. Met with Alan to discuss lecturing next week in his mathematical ecology course. Read the lecture notes, and will sit down this weekend and think about pace, structure, and content.

* `rangeShape`: discussion section work.

* `rangeLean`: made pretty plot. sketched out what we have done, and started outlining hypotheses and findings







## What should I be working on now?

* `professionalService`: review article over the weekend.


* `RCN`: logistics (hotel room, shuttle from Atl, etc.) and projects
  * `hostRange`: finish responding to friendly review and pass to coauthors
  * `macroHelminth`: push along missing sections (find out who hasn't done their part), get into coauthors hands
  * `networkDissim`: languishing collab with Piet. Hopefully he'll be at the RCN and we can talk about it
  * `nodeProperties`: finish draft of discussion and pass to coauthors. Perhaps collaboratively edit on Overleaf?
  * `barrigaNetwork`: still interested, but haven't had time. Push this along if possible. Let die if need be.
  * `missingLinks`: talk to John about this project. It's been awhile since we've touched base. Also do some light text edits/updates.



---

### Listening to:
<iframe src="https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A0WHQh76xSXr6J0PTH2UvMn" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>
 <i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i>
