---
layout: post 
title: Status for April 5 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?

* `beetleStuff`: Checked in with undergrads and made sure lab wasn't burned down. Everything looks good. 

* `lunchSeminar`: plant community dynamics as a function of grazing pressure, but billed as idiosyncracies in ecology, and how we should address them. Basically, year to year variation in climate is important in mediatng the effect size (and sometimes direction) of treatments. Microcosms were never mentioned. 

* `helmSize`: addressed some coauthor concerns moving forward with this work. 

* `nodeProperties`: Charlie provided comments, and I provided responses to them. This is close to submission.


* `reading`: mainly for `rangeInteract`, but a bit more generally than that. 


### Tonight 

* `priorityEffects`: beetle meeting tomorrow. Get model simulations output ready to present, starting mle with parameter estimates from simulations (get at if I'm training down to a local minima). 

* `beetleMeeting`: prep for tomorrow morning's meeting.


  
## What should I be working on now? 

* `graphDissim`: Push this along. 

* `priorityEffects`: move this forward based on meeting feedback. 

* `priorityEffects2`: talk to undergrad team about data entry and validation. 

 
 
--- 
 
### Listening to: 

<iframe src="https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A6M1n4hnTKGtqZL8dAa9my6" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
