---
layout: post 
title: Status for March 21 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?
 
* `sizeDistro`: separation and pictures

* `priorityEffects`: discuss on Thursday. Running some supplemental analyses now. Minor text tweaks. 

* `helmSize`: text edits and sent note to Alyssa. Organized and annotated code.

* `meetingWithAlan`: talked about `rangeShape`, `flatEarth`, and `priorityEffects`. Also discussed sieve-making.

* `rangeShape`: small tweaks. Plan to submit soon. 


### Tonight 

* `graphDissim`: wrote methods

* `rangeShape`: gave one final thorough read-through. Minor figure tweaks. 


  
## What should I be working on now? 

* `rangeShape`: submit 

* `rangeShape2`: Read up on Alan's idea. Seems pretty timely, and a nice follow-up to `rangeShape`.

* `priorityEffects2`: updated data in repo and analysis. Need more conceptual dev and manuscript skeleton.


 
 
 
--- 
 
### Listening to: 
 <iframe src='https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A7ofZgS5xDW0XodfjaXWvZG' width='300' height='380' frameborder='0' allowtransparency='true'></iframe> 

<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
