---
layout: post 
title: Status for March 14 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?
 
* `labProject`: wrote some words. 

* `nodeProperties`: John and Patrick's edits have been incorporated and they have signed off on submission. Charlie, Barbara, and Andrew remain.

* `hostRange`: minor tweaks as we get closer to re-submission.

* `metacom`: updated travis.yml and made official release given recent CRAN updates.

* `alanMeeting`: good meeting. He greenlit `priorityEffects`, and will get back with edits to `rangeShape` within the next few days. Also told me about this [sweet article on Julia](http://epubs.siam.org/doi/abs/10.1137/141000671).
 

* `checkerboard`: today is last week of gen 2. Exciting. 

* `centConserve`: set up repo for the project, but this is not a priority. 

* `dispersalTrait`: 


### Tonight 

* `priorityEffects`: check on rickerSims progress and diagnose any errors. May need to run fitting code again. 

* `checkerboard`: if{tad %in% lab}(enterData()) 



## What should I be working on now? 


* `dispersalTrait`: push along. Need to get it into a place where I can share with Brett and get his opinion on it. I expect he'll have some ideas with respect to statistical analysis of experimental data. 

* `labProject`: write more words

* `experimentIdeas`: `prevOcc` is solid, but I think we might be able to start two experiments relatively soon (within 10 weeks). 


 
 
 



--- 
 
### Listening to: 

<iframe src="https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A7LkJGGYfGAqPV04Kyhm2Ho" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>

 <i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
