---
layout: post 
title: Status for April 13 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?

 
* `beetleMeeting`: discussed `priorityEffects`--Geoff and I will push forward condition probability stuff soon. 

* `dispersalTrait`: discussion dev (completed a solid first draft)

* `WOSstuff`: talked to Clarivate folks. Super supportive of the idea. Fingers crossed. 



* `RCN_dimgen`: provided Andrew with manuscript comments



 


### Tonight 

* `dispersalTrait`: finalize plots

* `betaRange`: dev dev dev



## What should I be working on now? 


* `sizeDistro`: next census is 4-24-2017.

* `betaRange`:

* `checkerBoard1`: manuscript dev (some plotting)




 
--- 
 
### Listening to: 
<iframe src="https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Aartist%3A5o206eFLx38glA2bb4zqIU" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>
 <i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
