---
layout: post 
title: Status for January 4 
author: Tad
---
 
## What have I worked on?
 
* `hostRange`: submitted. Fingers crossed. Side note: Manuscript Central is stupid and I hate it. 

* `meetingWithAlan`: discussed `priorityEffects` and `checkerBoard`. Meeting with Brett tomorrow to discuss both of these projects. Send the `checkerBoard` protocol along. Need to come in and complete patch creation and start patch labeling. May hold off on labeling until both Alan and Brett have given me the green light. 

* `labLogistics`: Talked to undergrad team and Bill about lab needs. Brushes, pencils, and a spray bottle. Nice and cheap science.


* `priorityEffects`: still running. Discussed some ideas with Alan. Worked to firm those ideas and did some reading to see the state of the things. 


* `popBuffering`: incorporated Easton's edits and my edits from last night. Will send to John soon (maybe). Need to continue editing. It's not punchy, but the science is good (I think) and the article should be published. 



  
## What should I be working on now? 


* `helmSize`

* `beetleMeeting`: discuss `checkerboard` and `priorityEffects` with Brett and Alan. 

* `priorityEffects`: var-cov matrix time. 
 



--- 
 
### Listening to: 
<iframe src="https://embed.spotify.com/?uri=spotify%3Atrack%3A19260b1RRODP71Oo8oRbSF" width="300" height="380" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true"></iframe>
<i class='fa fa-code' style='color:pink'></i> 
